Your class offers the best way I can think of to start my day.  It's fun.  It feels great.  It keeps me fit.  It' even offers a little social interaction!
The varying format keeps me on my toes!  These classes set the baseline for my conditioning.
Susan...and my fitness
love to workout! 
Camaraderie, strength and flexibility
I like the physical results I’ve gained from being dedicated. I don’t want to lose them. 
The constant variety of the class.  The choreography within each class. Seeing results!
I feel better when I do your classes
Susan - you are a fantastic instructor.  Also, the group chats in the morning.  Time of day.
Susan's enthusiasm and a necessity to stay strong and healthy to keep living an active lifestyle. Just returned from an active trip to Costa Rica and I can guarantee I did some of the activities with relative ease because I do this class. 
First - you have superior skills.  I have lived all over the country and have seen my share of fitness instructors and you’re the best.

My commitment to my fitness is a priority for me because my family has a history of obesity and heart disease.
I like the variety of the classes and the "choreography".  The classes aren't repetitive and never get boring.  I also like the sense of community -- it's a nice way to start the day
Your creativity and effective exercises 
The fact that it is different every day
the different classes every day, Susan.
the personal connection helps keep me accountable and I love that every class is different.  I tend to do the same thing every time if left to my own devices
Seeing everyone, Susan’s exceptional teaching style, always mixing it up.
I paid for it!  OK, and it's good for me!
I attend irregularlly mostly because of timing and travel issues...would be fantastic if I could have recording available each day but I would miss the social aspect.....
The originality of the workout. Love that we never do the same thing 
I like a scheduled daily workout routine.  I also like the varied start times of 7:00 and 8:00.
I Love & need to exercise every day.  I’ve done it for 45 years and I don’t plan on stopping.  I appreciate that you teach us 6 days a week.  It’s so awesome to be active every day.  Thanks for being there.  Would like class to be an hour though.
Long term physical health 
I'm love the routine of starting every day with a workout.
It is a great way to start my day.  I like the early morning classes.  The variety of classes.
Instructor’s commitment to us and her enthusiasm; regular exercise keeps the depression demons at bay! 
Your motivation and your change up of workouts